Here it is.
Why is Lin Feng not here?
You must have lied to Li Yifeng because of this bastard.
You bastard
Make me so worried about you
I will never trust you again
Is this meal better?
Summer autumn is here
As always
difficult
pass
Brother Li, eat some too
I have eaten
This is for you.
I knew you didn't eat it as soon as I guessed
Come on, let's win.
I don't eat Lin Feng
You are my man
I can't leave you hungry.
When you get married, you will be the head of the family
I have to give you anything good first.
If you don't eat it, I won't eat it either.
Well, half of us each
You go ahead.
I will definitely work hard in the future
Live a good life now
I don't want you to fight alone
I will accompany you
We will be very happy